Bump version to 0.11.0 (#18683)
astral-sh/uv: CHANGELOG.md

- [`aws-lc`](https://github.com/aws/aws-lc) is used instead of `ring` for a cryptography backend

    There should not be breaking changes from this change. We expect this to expand support for certificate signature algorithms.

- `--native-tls` is deprecated in favor of a new `--system-certs` flag

    The `--native-tls` flag is still usable and has identical behavior to `--system-certs.`

    This change was made to reduce confusion about the TLS implementation uv uses. uv always uses `rustls` not `native-tls`.

- Building uv on x86-64 and i686 Windows requires NASM

    NASM is required by `aws-lc`. If not found on the system, a prebuilt blob provided by `aws-lc-sys` will be used.

    If you are not building uv from source, this change has no effect.

    See the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/blob/b6854d77bfd0cb78157fecaf8b30126c6f16bc11/CONTRIBUTING.md#setup) guide for details.

- Empty `SSL_CERT_FILE` values are ignored (for consistency with `SSL_CERT_DIR`)

See [#18550](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/pull/18550) for details.

### Python

> - Enable framepointers for improved profiling on Linux x86-64 and aarch64

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable frame pointers for improved profiling on Linux x86-64 and aarch64
```
